Update CHANGELOG.md (#4137)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta: CHANGELOG.md

## 4.15.0 (Unreleased)
FEATURES:
* **New Resource:** google_logging_log_view ([#4125](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/4125))

IMPROVEMENTS:

> * apigee: added `billing_type` attribute to Apigee Organization resource. ([#4126](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/4126))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* apigee: added `billing_type` attribute to `google_apigee_organization` resource. ([#4126](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/4126))
```

* networkservices: added `disable_http2` property to `google_network_services_edge_cache_service` resource ([#4119](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/4119))

> * networkservices: updated EdgeCacheOrigin resource to read and write the `timeout` property, including a new `read_timeout` field. ([#4122](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/4122))
> * networkservices: updated EdgeCacheOrigin to retry_conditions to include `FORBIDDEN` ([#4122](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/4122))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* networkservices: updated `google_network_services_edge_cache_origin` resource to read and write the `timeout` property, including a new `read_timeout` field. ([#4122](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/4122))
* networkservices: updated `google_network_services_edge_cache_origin` to retry_conditions to include `FORBIDDEN` ([#4122](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/4122))
```
